---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: The microscope that fits into your wallet
datePublished: '2015-12-28T20:14:31.327Z'
dateModified: '2015-12-28T20:14:05.020Z'
title: µPeek
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2015-12-28-peek.md
published: true
url: peek/index.html
_type: Article

---
The microscopic world is far vaster than most of us imagine. For example, [Science Daily ][0][in 2008 reported on a paper][0] suggesting that there are 10 times more bacteria in the human body than cells! Beginning to explore that world requires, at the very least, a microscope. It has recently become possible for, everyone to not only have a high-powered microscope, but one small and portable enough to take and use anywhere.

Check out this Kickstarter project called [µPeek][1]! 

Besides, every kid, no matter their age, is curious about the world around us. Instead of purchasing a simple kid's microscope to play around with, though, [µPeek][1]provides a professional grade kit that, when paired with a cell phone, can reveal the microscopic world around us.

[Scrona][2], a Swiss company engaged in creating a 3d Printer capable of printing at nanoscale resolution, created the microscope to support development of the printer. The resulting microscope turned out to be so good that they decided to offer it to the public.

Approximately the size of a credit card, the device is capable of a large number of modes, many of which are only found on professional grade microscopes.

The [µPeek][1]itself fits onto a cell phone and allows the user to take photos and videos. Naturally, those images can be shared between friend, colleagues or on social networks.

This is a great example of using what you currently have to build a company capable of better things. By using the Kickstarter to fund something Scrona already has, they can build a revenue and profit stream. Using that money, they can then finance the larger printer project they actually want to be known for.

One interesting usage for this technology is to improve bio-tracking. Visual inspection of live blood is a technique used to view both white and red blood cells. In addition, blood microscopy can potentially show some items within the plasma such as:
null

null

null

null

Make sure to also check out a skeptical view of the topic at [The Microscope Master.][3]
null

[][0][][1][][1][][1][][3]

As increasingly impressive technology gets applied to old problems, novel solutions provide astounding innovation.

[0]: http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2008/06/080603085914.htm
[1]: http://kck.st/1R3MW7t
[2]: http://www.scrona.ch/
[3]: http://www.microscopemaster.com/blood-microscopy.html